step ball change step step on you guys
go hi six at ready go you could call
them to Gliese in a pod one a hit TV
show the other a very real choir in oak
harbor so who plays beloved singing
coach mr. Shue that role goes to
real-life high school teacher Darren
McCoy I think it inspired mr. McCoy to
start the show choir um not to mention
all of us nagging him and I said you
know a show choir we would be good in a
gleek a manner like ha perfect you know
you'll get kids and I think we've got
about twice as many as we normally would
have gotten without that show from day
one news of a show choir started
spreading and every sick oh my gosh I
got to get my name on that list I got to
get up there and as the choir came
together students noticed some other
similarities to glee and be fantastic
there's no villainous cheerleading coach
by playing the role of singing jock is 0
H football players Zach iron I just love
saying he make it shimmer and sparkle
like the sound just goes BAM I am three
and go why don't you always do that like
Glee this class is about singing and
dancing these students want a chance to
show off their talents outside the
classroom oak harbor has won plenty of
singing awards over the years but this
is such a new phenomenon that there are
really no contest out there right now
for this choir to compete in still
there's a lot of buzz around this local
glee club and a lot of performance
requests well it's all because of you
know the students and how excited they
are in telling their parents and then
Dickinson in the community and then it
you know but I had no idea it was going
to be that cool for them
you
a lot of people are like Oh choir nerds
we're not going to take choir I think
Glee is made show choir look cool six
seven eight one in oak harbor John
offers dead q13 fox news